here is a short video on the ultimate
spinner retrieval tool when your spinner
our lore is stuck in Iraq especially
downstream here is a little trick on how
to get it back
firstly you get a small grumble or
sapling branch long enough to fit over
the rod and reel and then you fold the
branch around itself to form the perfect
circle
and then you pass it down over the rod
and reel down towards your fishing line
with the force of the water and in
parting and up and down side to side
pulling action the force of the bramble
will pull the spinner out of the rock
normally you will get the bramble back
but if you don't there are plenty of
branches around to make another ultimate
spinner retrieval tool when using
brambles you strip the bark to make a
nice smooth branch
and this is a stripped bramble branch
both bramble and sapling will do the job
once they are supple and there you have
it the ultimate spinner retrieval tool